fls: document 1.86 changes (#1460)
ferrocene/ferrocene: ferrocene/doc/specification/src/attributes.rst

.. rubric:: Legality Rules

:dp:`fls_3qj3jvmtxvx6`

> Safe :t:`[function]s` that are annotated with :c:`[target_feature]s`
> can only be called without an :t:`unsafe block` by a caller that is within a function
> that enables all the :c:`[target_feature]s` that the callee enables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Safe :t:`[function]s` that are subject to :t:`attribute` :c:`target_feature` shall be called within an :t:`unsafe context` unless it is called within a :t:`function` subject to the same set of :c:`[target_feature]`s.
```

(not sure if `unsafe context` is a thing, please look at how other unsafe operations describe their restrictions)
